What are you freaking out about?
I told you, Wen Xu gave this to me
Do you have proof it's yours?
This bracelet
is called Tian Huan
At the charity dinner in Jiang City
it was sold for 100 million (*)
(*) ~ 350 billion VND
100 million
Is it real or fake?
It's truly Tian Huan
worth 100 million
How could that be?
Didn't Wen Xu say it was only worth 3 million?
If that's the case,
then that bracelet must be hers
I heard before
Isn't she Mr. Zhang's secretary at Jian An Real Estate?
Did you forget?
Jian Dao said before
she's the real Mrs. Zhang
One hundred million
I shouldn't have put it
in Jian An's bag
See
she doesn't even know the true value of the bracelet
The legendary Mrs. Zhang is truly kind-hearted
And she's a real beauty too
But she's so different from the Mrs. Zhang in the legend
Such a huge difference
Tell me
why is she targeting Jian Dao?
What are you gossiping about?
What does the price say?
This
My husband must have thought the bracelet was too expensive
and would burden me
So he told me it was only worth 3 million
What if I said
my name is engraved on it?